---
id: mytv5kly
title: Project Structure Documentation
file_version: 1.1.3
app_version: 1.14.0
---

## **Overview**

This document provides an overview of the project structure for IXO Webclient. It outlines the organization of files, directories, and key components used in the React application.

## **1\. Introduction**

This project serves as the Front-end WEb platform for the IXO ecosystem. This document will guide developers on how the project is structured to ensure consistency and maintainability.

## **2\. Folder Structure**

*   **public**: Contains the static assets that will be served publicly, such as `index.html`, images, and other files.

*   **configs**: Contains essential configuration files for the webclient.

*   **src**: Contains the main source code of the application.<br/>
    \- \_\_mocks\_\_: Contains mock data for unit-testing.<br/>
    \- api: Contains third party api services.<br/>
    \- assets: Stores images, icons, and other media files.<br/>
    \- components: Houses reusable React components used throughout the application.<br/>
    \- constants: Defines constant values used in webclient.<br/>
    \- contexts: Contains react context providers.<br/>
    \- data: Contains json files for components.<br/>
    \- hooks: Houses react custom hooks.<br/>
    \- lib: Contains custom classes defined.<br/>
    \- pages: Contains the top-level pages or views of the application.<br/>
    \- redux: Contains state management library.<br/>
    \- routes: Contains page routes.<br/>
    \- services: Contains modules for API integration and other external services.<br/>
    \- styles: Contains global css file for styling the components.<br/>
    \- types: Houses interfaces and types used across the components.<br/>
    \- utils: Houses utility functions and helper modules.<br/>
    \- index.tsx: The main entry point of the application that renders App

## **3\. Key Components**

*   Button

*   Card

*   Modal

*   Typography

*   Table

*   Tabs

*   Tooltip

...<br/>

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBaXhvLXdlYmNsaWVudCUzQSUzQWl4b2ZvdW5kYXRpb24=/docs/mytv5kly).
